jadenicle forgot how to use ladders.
Deathguardian92, apparently can't fly
PYGMUS poked a cactus, the cactus poked back! 
Fighterman481 Hugged a creeper
msmall6 found out how TNT works
Guys obviously isn't fireproof 
shadowreaperx chose the wrong potion
Player has an explosive personality.
KingJorden tried to tame a creeper.
KingJorden thought he was a fish.
jadenicle forgot about gravity. 
BC_Programming was a moving target for a skeleton
Ben_Fett had a staring contest with a enderman... he lost
Itwasthatguy learned that cellular respiration uses oxygen, not sand. 
Phovos attempted to be a creeper.
Prank, Ate some sand. 
person701 isn't a fish.
person701 didn't look before stepping.
person701 forgot to crouch.
person701 should have had a parachute.
person701 didn't have a bucket of water.
Dabomb tried to eat the giant green jelly. It ate him.
Lukeyyysss forgot about gravity! 
EmptyK's lungs can't breath gravel. 
Crunkatog left the End in little bite-sized pieces
xXDellArtXx pets wolves the wrong way.
xXDellArtXx looked checked out an Endermen.
xXDellArtXx forgot how to eat.
xXDellArtXx wanted to be obby
atios97x had a idea of using a lava pool for hotthub
AlfieWR3 really, really likes to drink lava.
Grommen threw himself at the ground, and didn't miss!
Grommen confirmed gravity.
Grommen was the human torch, briefly. 
An Endermen decided to borrow Superterry Permanently.
DD117 thought pigs could fly.
turns out engie_ninja IS flammable. 
a ghast bet engie_ninja at tennis
kekilrocks123 left clicked the wolf, not right.
Sting_Auer rode a pig off a cliff. 
Spineyrequiem kicked the bucket. Of lava.
Spineyrequiem chased a chicken. Over a cliff. 
imahoneydewfan thought he was a knight!
Honeydew's parachute didn't deploy
 psychowafflezz achieved terminal velocity.
SmashGalaxy100 tried to ride the enderdragon.
SmashGalaxy100 played peek-a-boo with an enderman. It was not amused.
psychowafflezz appears to have very tasty brains.
What goes up must come down, right, ijasonl97?
Sqatter stood in the line of fire
Aurelis 1997 took a hot bath 
Doomguy667 was formally greeted by the Enderdragon.
DaViiD1916 Learned how to use Ender pearls 
